Ouch, Brother Ang Lee
My dad is thinking of you too.
Second brother Wang was beaten to a concussion
Aunt Wang said
If we don't go on strike
General, you have to pay ten thousand dollars
How can he afford to pay 10,000 yuan?
If you go to jail, everyone will know
You really have no way back
Jiang Lili
Do you know
Brother Ling An for you
I lost all my belongings to the Wang family
How far are you going to hurt him?
You lost all my money for me
Why? Because I married you
I am responsible for you.
What about jobs?
You don't want your diplomat job either
Then your dad is angry.
Stop talking and go
go home
Yunlin thank you
Jiang Lili, you broom star
You can kill your parents
You still want to kill Ange Lin now
But Lin Ange's retirement fee over the years
Don't let you worry
I will pay him back the money, you pay it back
What do you get back for 10,000 yuan?
No, you don't
Since you choose to believe me
I will never let you down
That beauty pageant
I want that champion